Feature/update changelog (#135)
doubleSlashde/KeepTime: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## v1.3.TODO - 2023-01-11

### Added 

> - option to receive notification when switching from a work project without notes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- option to show note reminder only when switching from a work project without notes
```

> - confirmation on closing KeepTime 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- option to show a 'are you sure' confirmation before closing KeepTime
```

> - import functionality of database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- import functionality of database (to be used with an export of the export functionality)
```

> - icons for dialogs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- app icon shown in dialogs
```

> - Collapse / Expand button for the project report 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- in the report a collapse / expand button was added
```

### Changed

> - updated the Settings design

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- updated the settings dialog design
```

- replaced deprecated fontawesome dependencies

> - updated dependencies 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- updated dependencies - we now also require Java 11 (instead of 8)
```

> - isWork is now the default when creating a new project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- when creating a new project 'isWork' is selected by default
```

> - autofocus the note field instead of the project name when editing a project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- when editing a note the note field will be in focus instead of the project
```

> - active work item is not editable anymore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- in the report dialog the currently active work item is not editable anymore (marked as 'active work' instead)
```

> - simplify note format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- in report dialog simplified the note format when copying them (removed the note count)
- when creating/editing a project the name cannot be empty anymore
```

> - option to receive notification when switching from a work project without notes
> - confirmation on closing KeepTime 
> - import functionality of database
> - icons for dialogs
> - Collapse / Expand button for the project report 
> 
> ### Changed
> - updated the Settings design
> - replaced deprecated fontawesome dependencies
> - updated dependencies 
> - isWork is now the default when creating a new project
> - autofocus the note field instead of the project name when editing a project
> - active work item is not editable anymore
> - simplify note format
> 
> ### Fixed 
> - "hide projects" on linux 
> - notes disappear after an auto safe 
> - creating a project without a name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- option to receive note reminder only when switching from a work project without notes
- option to show confirmation on closing KeepTime 
- import functionality of database (to be used with an export of the export functionality)
- app icon shown in dialogs
- collapse / expand button for the project report 

### Changed
- updated the settings dialog design
- replaced deprecated fontawesome dependencies
- updated dependencies - we now require Java 11 (instead of 8)
- when creating a new project 'isWork' is selected by default
- when editing a note the note field will be in focus instead of the project
- in the report dialog the currently active work item is not editable anymore (marked as 'active work' instead)
- in report dialog simplified the note format when copying them (removed the note count)
- when creating/editing a project the name cannot be empty anymore

### Fixed 
- "hide projects" setting was not working correctly on linux. we disabled the setting for linux.
```

> - "hide projects" on linux 
> - notes disappear after an auto safe 
> - creating a project without a name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 'hide projects' setting was not working correctly on linux. we disabled the setting for linux
```
